hello friends in this video I love you
explain a little more about what's going
to try the contest that only throws the
Yesterday through Facebook
first of all he clarified that it is not
to make me a logo because the logo
I already have it this this is about
you think use a form
creative in which you can include my
logo can be in photo can be in
video can be in presentation or as
you want some examples that I
I put them and I'll explain it this
for saying like the kindergarten logo
collector and I draw it in my style at
better I draw it with pure pencils with
pure grayscale and it may be that
be a father and that would be my participation
or I draw it with crayons or with
down or in some way that looks
father and maybe not only put the
logo because you can see very
simple that nothing else draws on the
logo they might say I'm going to
draw on a sheet the logo of
kinder collector and around I'm going to
put a figure of my character
favorite that is ironman and maybe he will
I'm going to put
something totally different as jake the
dog and would be a matter of you
is what they want to do if it's assuming
a drawing options that I have seen in
other contests for example I saw that
there were people to do the
x company logo grabbed leaves of
the trees of different colors by
example green and coffee dating and
accommodated for the leaves to form
the company logo another option
for telling them something they can buy
paper doctrine or paper of china what
cut out and with those in the letters of
kinder collector this a participant already
he sent me a picture where he makes a
simple drawing of kinder collector to his
style I do not care that they leave the
logo that I have from the kinder collected
you can put it to your style you do not have to
be exactly like he did from a
different way but says kinder
collector and in the corners of the drawing
he put characters then for
the drawing is also valid in another
contest and for example that a person
he took a stone and on the stone he painted with
pink tourists the logo of the brand and
He also looked very father
another option is that the best you can not
give them the drawing and want
participate like they could not to the best
it is always simply to print the
logo of kinder collector this what
they go down they print it they cut it and they put it
in any of your collections for this one
show us what they have this too
It can be very valid and maybe if it is
a collection that is beautiful even if
small or that is impressive that is
very big and with the logo of the kinder
collector that can help me
select let's assume that this that
out more bigger or mini better we go
to take assuming that here I print
the logo of kinder collector and what
cut and we're going to assume that it 's like this
I put it with one of my collections and what
we put like this to take a picture of that
way I know that you are
participating is because they dedicated him
the time to print the logo and
put it with your collections what I do not
I want is for them to grab because they have
done in many competitions and for me it
It looks pretty ugly to say good here is the
kinder collector logo
I'm going to cut with paint and I'm going to paste it
on top of a photo that I found on
Internet
that for me because it is not to dedicate
absolutely no time and for me
it would not be something that I select unless
that it's a job that I see super
elaborated that the best someone says
I'm taking the kindergarten logo
collector and I'm getting him many
effects so that it looks very father to
logo and I put it with some drawing that
I myself have done in photoshop or with
the draw or something like that but this one like this
you can download from the internet I'm not
so according to the idea that it
something an image with things that have not
done you I prefer it to be something
what do you do, I would tell you
several ideas several options there is not this
well limits for the creativity that
may have you tell them may it be
a photo can be a video where the
better your collection is very large and
say good I'll show you on video
all my collection and inside
of the video I will have a logo of
kinder collector more than anything so that I
I can assure you that this is real and
I do not know maybe a video that came down from
of internet where perhaps nothing else are
changing the voice and it's not real but
good friends, I hope that with this
explanation that I am giving you and makes
a little bit clearer for you who is
what I what I look for or what I
I hope I also explain, I tell them
that I'm going to select three people to
the ones I like the most, do not see what else
they put what they send me
and this assuming they become 50
participants
I will select instead of three up
five people and assuming they are 100
participants or more would select 10
it's the maximum number of participants that I'm going to
select 10 for the raffle but if they are
less than 50 those who come to participate
the majority will select three for
participate in a raffle that when you
selected I'll tell you the exact day
what is going to be that raffle
the raffle will be according to the lottery
Mexican national so that you do not
think that I'm going to cheat for
favor one or the other then then
well I hope that with this video it
clarify several of the doubts that they had
you have more questions send me
those on facebook this video I'm going to
upload only what I'm going to put in
youtube but only the
facebook people to give them a little
of advantage they have more time to
think and in a week or so longer
notify the rest of the contest channel
because well they did not like it
to the facebook page are they
losing the opportunity to go
advancing with this, well, good friends ,
we see in the next video on YouTube
see you later